How to model behaviour
-------------------
MMM. UK photos. Tolerance. For hardware. Montessori. Yeah, it's still writing. So that's I'm saying it's Byzantine full touring. So, uh. Uh. Call Mom. I want to go home. I want to go home. OK. Yeah it comes oK, so I'm literally just, uh, trying to, uh, work with this model here. In the World is watching it again. So those uh yeah. So this is like a. Muslim basically hardware or full tolerance institution. OK, so let's look at this uh, document. Let's see, uh. Since you do, guys. Thank you for tuning the job. So it's called Muco Byzantine. Hardware photo specification. 10 AMSo this is basically not political to anything, but yes, yes, malfunction. So here I've got how to model behaviour. Of God, uh, these things here go ChatGPT open. Uh, behaviour at time. B = b behaviour, B for behaviour sub T of the time equals a function S of time. Of course the states I of input organisation, M for memory or previous events, G for goals, R for rules or learn policy. The trade behaviour of government position. New state's sub t + 1 = t. T. T is a function. Of SBR&E. For example, observe interpret the side act to measure results of the memory. For video call we will be uh, visa silent. Look at what you just think of how it struggled uncomfortable to. Uh, this is basically the UAI front too. Uh, the product goes on 2 observations. Also truth. It's not proof integration Amazon. The important part is not to treat an observation as absolute truth. Looking awake knows not to prove this. Again, your model should retain its uncertainty. Probability of this engage given looking away equals 3.35. A finest machine is one of the easiest way to improve behaviour. Ideal listening, reasoning, speaking the same. Ideally user speaks. Listen speech ends, listen response prepared speech interruption detected listening. So this is the model of behaviour. A rich Bayesian model. I will be from certain behaviour maintain competitive efficiency. A probability of hi. I given all. CS GO P is probability of. Oh, uh uh, giving H uh uh uh some interval pH is basically the base theorem. Uh, yes, uh, divided by summation of P or U of HJTHJR is based through, but this is A. Uh, yeah. OK, then I ask the AI system. I don't know whether I oxygen between oxygen system. Uh, observation action Yes, action A as well as looking for equals uh Pi believe goes constraint. Why? Your truth will be a hybrid, uh. Close Google and C How to model undefined behaviour in C? So this is basically on how to model undefined behaviour in C. See in tea undefined behaviour. Or should not be modelled. As you run the behaviour, it means uh, the C standard places no requirement on what after the invalid after. The invalid operator in form of formalisation of the model is this. Uh. Programmes dot t = t of programme state if operation is defined. The meat this is join. This is meat. Uh, if undefined, uh baby occurs. The programme left after wishing. Uh, let's, uh, type the, you know, uh, uh. Cardiff enum efficient OK. If you want to file a few studies. Time of those struck int value this is going to status result. So these are. The idea of unfined behaviour. So I'm trying to undefined behaviour and see. Uh, modelling on the phone is as non submitting anything. From reason you become resent. Every possible outcome you be an unfavourable state equals Sigma. Where Sigma is set to all possible pronoun states OK. This means that you be the model cannot safely conclude anything. Before you be, after you be. OK, now I'm learning something from my A systems. The mimicry accurate. Uh, but it's too broad for the booking model. You'd be using poison values compiler into military. The sensation as a concept of a poison value. So what is a poison value? Yeah, they still beat me so badly. Ah, I got 2 bites now. Three months. Introduction musician often for poison value. So I'm basically what I'm saying is that I'm trying to model undefined behaviour and see, but I'm trying to get the article so I can see my log. Valued. Valued. Value value value value. For fleeing operational poison. Operator using poison. Poison spirits. Overflowing operator. A fulfilling operation. I'd like a like a, like a, a big field or like a there's two more bikes or a plane in a, you know, in a, in a way. Poison. This is the poison. Poison, Poison. Poison spreads. Uh, observation using poison. Observables. Are this observer on consumer pattern uh. Uh uh, on the fine behaviour. You spoon looked like this. Uh, obstructing it. Oh, it casted zero and one. So, uh, invalid 3 equals. Uh, value 5 = 1. There's no, uh, out of band access. Come on, uh, UB categories out of bound because, you know, there's no, uh, quotation. Uh, for that array model. Read AAI. CRI. I I I uh, so 0 less than I listen to. So this is not my point, just to get to the end number, do you? Is Europe with us sick? Go to shop with us. Sick. I'm not sick. I'm not your person. The rebel P equals memory. Pap is valid, otherwise meat. Otherwise. Ernst P equals model K size of P3P. Uh, free the type of value, because you're free the type of value and you cannot reuse it 'cause you really have to be Alec, You have to reset it, uh, with Maliki. It's a This is a point of people sensing over use after free. Cannot user. You have to set it and that's the problem. You just a stereotype. Uh didn't value then uh pointed up and current location, time, pointer, address, location are live down. MMM, this is a good little thing called pointers. Pointers are due to a live bomb. Aladdin uh, this is shift, uh, so shift Y type. A protest fusion of abstract state machine model. To define a memory verbal flag. Would you be uh, it's not influencation defined behaviour. Yeah, different. Want to find behaviour, no requirements. Oh so literally important to find behaviour compeller must choose. Undocumented alchemy. This is what I'm looking for. Special permission compiler must need not to document your room. So this one I'm trying to debug. This is a Friday required by the. So this is the the four categories of understand behaviour. In within the final behaviour. Uh, unspecified behaviour. This is on the final day. This on this is. This is basically. Specific, uh, permitted outcome. Are several permitted outcomes, so this is this one. This one. Outside behaviour on the on the fine behaviour. This is uh, this is a you, uh, looking for a little more model. Therefore uses 4 result cases. Behaviour defined behaviour is precise defined baby class. Okay, yes, for the system location usually. Uh, yes, uh, I'll use, I'll use a UB model deterministic. So, um. OK, so basically this I'm saying. Uh, I influencing this location for sea assembly UBS Ubi is not equal to 70° quarantine on Friday unknown unknown but committed defining gas. So I'm going to buy a house in Nigeria. I'll have to go buy a house only in this country. The truth is hard. The truth, it's not hard. Sometimes it's hard in my head. You are sick people. Please build active, degrade, build, break repunion. You cannot keep me in this country. I'm not your people. OK, respect every house this is the same. I implemented specification for sea and assembly malfunctions such as any kind of hardware or on the fly malfunction, non security query, destroy, bill repair as a hardware component specification. Now this was actually doing so I am. What I can do is I'm implementing A specification for C and assembly malfunctioned such that they will such that we have any kind of hardware on the fly. Basically on the fly is why it's executing malfunction while it's doing operation. Like you know when you have Latex and you have a. Uh, the installer package on the fly. Uh, whilst your latest is compiling, your Latex is compiling, your document is compiling. So I'm implementing A specification for C and assembly malfunction. Such that we have any kind of hardware on the fly malfunction nanotechnology creates build, destroy, renew, repair and how do components indication. For Mucoos. So in layman's terms, this means that our hardware has a specification to repair itself. Your computer can repair itself. And that's a cool concept actually, you know, because it recognises components of damage. I can try to build a maybe you can build a as soon as moving drones or but you know, just for hardware, it should be building for hardware. So kind of building mucos the digital computer Muco M for Mike M for Mike from Kilo of Oscar, which is going to be the hardware for education. But this is another thing I'm building. Just experiment. I'm experimenting with all this stuff. But you know, so this I'm saying it's one of the products you're gonna welcome because necessarily is really there. Create build activates the great breed bread repair will destroy. Irreparable, uh, unless the components described from the new location. So this is the code that umm strategy generated. Yes, this is a code. For example. Basically the motherboard. Uh, for milk oil, So the motherboard. For muco W, it's gonna be silicon, but it's gonna be nanotechnology. You know how nanotechnology. So if I come. Uh, put us to the prompt statement. For Muco OS. Phrase this in a mock. Dumb document. Specification. Phone GitHub. I will put you in town because this is a state of computers. Creates build, creates break and create or destroy. I'll be eliminate destroying the state of computer. Represents how the components H. Cheese state the grey foot repair was. It can. It can be like a a software app, you know. So this is coupon malfunction semantics. Use M equals location, severity, duration, confidence, and recoverability. OK. But, you know, uh. So, MMM. This legend starts to prove voltage uh, permit to start to damage corrupted memory, broken issue into incorrect instruction execution. Umm, you're learning physical damage. Define the hardware solution as umm, gamma. HOE implies H prime where H prime. What is his prime here? The the the prime? Each one starts full. Although the state of the OK. The look is integral. So H is calling component state always requires revolution is wrong with him, he's resulting. I don't like the West, I don't care about the UK, they're useless people. These absentee crate equals quote him. Creating a word file built in Brooklyn Brooklyn, Riverfield uh Gallon Brooklyn repair you could repair them. Gamma ray permanent refract was active. This is a great state machine. But she's basically using, uh, franking functions. So this is like a assembly instruction conceptually. Move all room. Plan to validate isolate executes a world fine. Comment if requires. You could rule about quantum. So this was that. This is the code. Let me call you type deaf enum heterial transaction states. The computer does this would be cool. But I can used to build drones. I can use it to build. Umm, uh, things that, uh, that, uh, that are basically looking lactates, like, you know, lots of information, like, you know. No, I'm using lattice. I'm saying that is a group of just news groups, but I'm trying to work on older groups, you know, trying to work on shape geometry, things that drawing up components that break apart and put themselves back together, you know, I'm saying by themselves automatically. Be a parent on my day, go with me. It may be, uh, it's normal. It's possible. It's like, uh, kind of, uh. How to query or how this work, we'll start with, we started a concept of modern behaviour and behaviour that becomes something more than getting components to beat to build themselves, repair themselves, renew themselves and you know. Yes. No. Maybe. Confidence of theatre safe. Verification of H because yes, no, maybe. This is just busy till 4 tolerance and in physical. Uh, uh, OK. Oh no.

Speechnotes :) https://speechnotes.co